World Building?
When I went through our handbook's chapter, I was presented of all the different forms world building could take, and in essence, every HUMAN activity is working towards the ultimate goal of world building, whether conciously or not. It really is a unimaginablly big topic, which is probably why second year students refered to this topic as "weird shit." How can they expect us, freshman who have not even got out to the real world and have spent most of theirs lives in a "utopia" protected by society, to even start to comprehend this topic? The ultimate incomprehensibility of this grand concept makes all the work we do to try to understand it seem futile. In fact, I would even suggest that the entirety of the results of all people, not just humanitists but also enginneers and scientists, had barely scratched the surface of WORDBUILDING. Why would we attempt again and again at the impossible? This seems to be a trend in our culture, where we would try to achieve the impossible, how Don Quixote charged toward a windmill, how the communist manifesto was written to build the perfect society, how Qin Shi Huang sought immortality, and how Odysseus tried to return to Ithaca. A Romantic nature that we share as humans, we try we fail and we try again. Is this nature worth praising? or condemning? The length we would go to for our ideals, the blindness this pursuite would place on us, and the countless examples starting from the earliest recorded history all make this a dangerous ticking bomb that goes off again and again for eternity. On the other hand, is the inability to achieve the ultimate goal reason enough to stop from from trying? We kept trying, and kept failing, but we also kept learning. After the horrible catastrophes of our exploration, we picked up ourselves from ashes and marched again, building the world along the way. 
